Update issue templates - Bug report (#189)
xmtp-labs/xmtp-inbox-web: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: bhavya2611

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Device and browser:**

> Please elaborate, on the device and browser this occurred.

Reviewer: Hi there @bhavya2611 - how about this slight adjustment?

```suggestion
Please provide details about the device and browser where the bug occurs.
```
